<?xml version="1.0" encoding="windows-1252"?>
<node id="174180" title="SDC Wiki" created="2002-06-13 09:07:29" updated="2005-08-13 00:51:46">
<type id="68046">
wiki</type>
<author id="979">
vroom</author>
<data>
<field name="doctext">
&lt;!--            PLEASE DO NOT DELETE THIS COMMENT.
C&amp;P the following entry template into the wiki. &lt;wikihead&gt; will be automatically expanded.

&lt;dt&gt;&lt;wikihead&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;

&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

PLEASE LEAVE SOME SPACE BELOW THIS, ABOVE YOUR ENTRY!
--&gt;&lt;dl&gt;

&lt;dt&gt; [ww], &lt;a href="#2011-03-10 13:06:45" name="2011-03-10 13:06:45"&gt;[localtime://2011-03-10 09:06:45]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;Minor update in [id://674668] to add mention of &lt;c&gt;&lt;spoiler&gt;&lt;/c&gt; tag pairs &lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href="#2010-01-21 21:41:59" name="2010-01-21 21:41:59"&gt;[localtime://2010-01-21 21:41:59]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
[bobf], IMHO (and I do stress the H and the O) - that's the sort of thing that should be peremptorily done, no questions asked.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[bobf], &lt;a href="#2010-01-21 14:04:19" name="2010-01-21 14:04:19"&gt;[localtime://2010-01-21 14:04:19]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
[id://324077] currently references [id://734686].  Any objection to updating the link so that it points to [id://815171]?
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[Arunbear], &lt;a href="#2010-01-06 05:57:04" name="2010-01-06 05:57:04"&gt;[localtime://2010-01-06 05:57:04]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I've removed it (via an edit to [id://784285]).
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;


&lt;dt&gt;[Corion], &lt;a href="#2010-01-04 18:26:22" name="2010-01-04 18:26:22"&gt;[localtime://2010-01-04 18:26:22]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
IMO it should go
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href="#2010-01-03 13:57:09" name="2010-01-03 13:57:09"&gt;[localtime://2010-01-03 13:57:09]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I have none; but I think this is a question for the [Gods], not for [SiteDocClan|SDC].
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[Arunbear], &lt;a href="#2010-01-03 13:37:11" name="2010-01-03 13:37:11"&gt;[localtime://2010-01-03 13:37:11]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
The link to [id://784737] has been on the front page for 5 months. Any objections to removing it now ?

&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[planetscape], &lt;a href="#2009-09-01 15:10:27" name="2009-09-01 15:10:27"&gt;[localtime://2009-09-01 15:10:27]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Thanks to both [jdporter] and [tye].&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Yes, I did borrow almost exclusively from [id://534057]. I did not realize at the time quite how it sounded. It seemed like decent boilerplate, given what I perceived to be the likelihood of auto syntax highlighting/Tidying being implemented, based on various replies to the threads I linked. &lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Yes, I should have used the tools available for feedback and collaboration. It seemed to me that much of SDC work is also a matter of "JFDI", and anyway, it worked for [id://17642] and [id://785057]. ;-/&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;The question itself seemed frequently enough asked (especially in recent weeks in the CB) to become a [id://483072], so hopefully, overall, the contribution was warranted.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Perhaps, though, a next task would be for [jdporter] and [planetscape|myself] to document SDC policy in this regard?&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;blockquote&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Something like:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ol&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Write up an [alphafaqlet]&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Announce in [id://174180]&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Request feedback&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;...&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ol&gt;
&lt;p&gt;perhaps? And add this to [id://786919]?&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/blockquote&gt;
&lt;p&gt;(Also, I plan on editing [id://792202] to point out the possibilities for users to accomplish the task clientside.)&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;!-- Generated using PerlMonks editor version 1 --&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[tye&amp;nbsp;], &lt;a href="#2009-09-01 02:03:29" name="2009-09-01 02:03:29"&gt;[localtime://2009-09-01 02:03:29]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Thanks, [jdporter].  Nicely stated.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I apologize, [planetscape].  I did not know that the words were not yours.  I hope that possessing that knowledge meant that the criticism didn't sting as much.  And thanks again for taking the time to put together that faqlet.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href="#2009-08-31 15:24:57" name="2009-08-31 15:24:57"&gt;[localtime://2009-08-31 15:24:57]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
In fairness to [planetscape], she horked that language directly from [id://534057|I think there should be a new Section...], 
which I wrote. If the tone is inappropriate, it is entirely my own fault.
And, coincidentally, I just recently (past year or so) came to the realization that I do in fact have a pretty nastly passive-aggressive streak.
I for one wouldn't mind at all if other [SiteDocClan]smen would step right in and improve the things I've written, whether tone, content, or whatever.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I also think that [planetscape] shouldn't be too much faulted for failing to follow procedure, as there isn't really any well defined procedure, and what she did was essentially follow observed &lt;i&gt;de facto&lt;/i&gt; procedure as practiced by... yeah, me.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
And [tye]'s suggestion to use the available tools is really pertinent for all of us, not just [planetscape|her].
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;


&lt;dt&gt;[tye&amp;nbsp;], &lt;a href="#2009-08-31 12:45:21" name="2009-08-31 12:45:21"&gt;[localtime://2009-08-31 12:45:21]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
First, I'd like to (sincerely) thank [planetscape] for creating [id://792202].
I have removed the follow paragraph from it:
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;blockquote&gt;
In reading through these, one discovers an interesting fact: even when suggestions for syntax highlighting/PerlTidying (or otherwise mucking about with others' content) get a favorable consensus from the general monkulace, it still doesn't result in the change being enacted.
You'd probably need to have not only a very strong case, but a huge groundswell of popular support &lt;i&gt;and&lt;/i&gt; substantial buy-in from the site [gods|powers-that-be] to get such a change proposal pushed through to reality.
&lt;/blockquote&gt;&lt;p&gt;
In future, I suggest [planetscape] make use of SDC tools for getting feedback and colaborating more (such as, but not limited to, an alphafaqlet).  The above paragraph displays a fundamental misunderstanding or perhaps just misinterpretation of how features get implemented at PerlMonks.  A "groundswell" is not required.  Nor is "a huge groundswell" even sufficient.  Nor is "substantial buy-in from the [[gods]]" hardly ever a factor in things that actually get implemented.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Features mostly get implemented at PerlMonks when somebody JFDI by creating a patch and then one of the [gods] JFDI by applying it.  I don't recall any patches related to syntax coloring nor was I able to find any.  Not that this is surprising to me for a fairly wide realm of reasons including javascript security issues at PerlMonks, server load issues, and having not even seen a consensus on what syntax coloring makes sense here (some want reformatting of code, some want "what stackoverflow has" which wouldn't work very well on Perl code, others want a Perl-specific highlighter and to burden posters to the site with declaring whether each item they post is appropriate to be highlighted or not).
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Although I'm not going to take the time to search through the linked threads trying to find which thread(s) [planetscape] was referring to, I'd be quite surprised if her use of "consensus from the general monkulace" wasn't also misguided / mistaken.  "Fact" and "enacted" also appear misused, IMO.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
It would have been more appropriate for [planetscape] to include the sentiments from that paragraph in her (personal) node in the thread rather than making it a part of official site documentation without any apparent review or consultation.  Perhaps the uncharacteristic lapse in judgement was even motivated by pent-up frustration that might be eased by such open expression?  (Obviously, I can't know [planetscape]'s emotional state and I don't pretend to.)
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I appreciate that there appears to have been some effort put into avoiding inappropriate tone.  Unfortunately, it mostly just makes the text come across as passive agressive (I wish I could find a more precise adjective but hope this one is still understandable) rather than appropriate for site documentation, IMHO.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
A more appropriate notation to add to that FAQ would be highlighting how syntax coloring can already be had rather easily by anybody who wants to enable it (with several choices to pick from).  (No, I have not taken the time to read up on those options to the point that I could properly add such a notation.)
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href="#2009-08-18 11:26:16" name="2009-08-18 11:26:16"&gt;[localtime://2009-08-18 11:26:16]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
[Boldra] has said that he anticipates making more changes in response to feedback, and that we should wait at least 24 hours before taking his content.
I told him that we would likely wait a good deal longer than 24 hours. :-)
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[planetscape], &lt;a href="#2009-08-14 16:42:47" name="2009-08-14 16:42:47"&gt;[localtime://2009-08-14 16:42:47]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I think we should adopt [Boldra]'s [id://788576]. And maybe [Boldra], too. ;-)&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Update: &lt;/b&gt; I sent [Boldra] a /privmsg asking him if adopting his node, whole or in part, would be acceptable.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Update: &lt;/b&gt;&lt;i&gt;[Boldra] says&lt;/i&gt; "I wasn't trying to replace any old nodes, but I see no harm. I'm still collecting feedback for a couple of days."
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;


&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href="#2009-08-10 16:16:14" name="2009-08-10 16:16:14"&gt;[localtime://2009-08-10 16:16:14]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Per my entry &lt;a name="#2009-08-06 10:13:36"&gt;below&lt;/a&gt;, I have moved the content of [SDC Master Plan Wiki]
into a faqlet, [id://786919]. I replaced the link in the SDC Nodelet, and labeled it as "How-To".
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href="#2009-08-10 09:36:31" name="2009-08-10 09:36:31"&gt;[localtime://2009-08-10 09:36:31]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
The [SDC To-Do Wiki] is now really a "to-do" wiki. Please visit it and see what's on our to-do list.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href="#2009-08-06 16:10:41" name="2009-08-06 16:10:41"&gt;[localtime://2009-08-06 16:10:41]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
[id://596792], which I originally created as a [note|reply], is now a [document].
More interestingly, it is now owned by [SiteDocClan].
It is intended to be updated automatically, by an off-site bot.
However, when the bot goes down for some reason (e.g. the host it's on has DNS problems),
then one of us should update the document with a placeholder message saying
that the service is temporarily unavailable.&lt;br&gt;
Also we should think about places we can link to [id://596792] in the FAQ.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href="#2009-08-06 14:43:29" name="2009-08-06 14:43:29"&gt;[localtime://2009-08-06 14:43:29]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I too think it should be done.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[planetscape], &lt;a href="#2009-08-06 14:35:32" name="2009-08-06 14:35:32"&gt;[localtime://2009-08-06 14:35:32]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;
&lt;p&gt;While editing [id://17642] and creating [id://785057], I wondered why [id://17642] was a longish [id://17338] and not a [id://481719] with contained [id://17338]s per settings page. If I understand things correctly, this would also facilitate reuse of [id://17338]s, such as "[link://?node_id=17642#user|User Settings]", in other places, as [jdporter] mentioned in [id://784972].&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Does anyone else think this should be done?&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;!-- Generated using PerlMonks editor version 1 --&gt;
&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href="#2009-08-06 10:13:36" name="2009-08-06 10:13:36"&gt;[localtime://2009-08-06 10:13:36]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I think we can finally dispense with the [SDC Master Plan Wiki].
Its current content is probably better suited to a faqlet.
(In fact, I'm not sure that it ever really made sense as a wiki,
since anything we can do in a wiki, we can do in a faqlet.)
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
If there are no objections, I'm going to move the content of [SDC Master Plan Wiki]
to a new faqlet and revert the wiki to "available" status.
And I'm going to give it a more appropriate name in the process. :-)
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href="#2009-07-20 16:45:58" name="2009-07-20 16:45:58"&gt;[localtime://2009-07-20 16:45:58]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Site faqlets and doclets now support embedded images. Please use the power judiciously.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Note that when you edit a site{faq|doc}let, you won't see the image displayed on preview
&lt;i&gt;or on save&lt;/i&gt;. You have to go all the way to the "Display view" to see the image rendered as expected.
So please be sure your image URL works and your html is flawless before you commit the edit.
(Not that it's the end of the world if you don't, of course... ;-)
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href="#2009-07-15 19:34:07" name="2009-07-15 19:34:07"&gt;[localtime://2009-07-15 19:34:07]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Please don't document the new shortcut types (yet).
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href="#2009-06-15 18:44:17" name="2009-06-15 18:44:17"&gt;[localtime://2009-06-15 18:44:17]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
New shortcuts, handy for sitedocs: &lt;c&gt;[wiki://wikiname]&lt;/c&gt; and &lt;c&gt;[inbox://groupname]&lt;/c&gt;.
E.g. &lt;c&gt;[wiki://SDC Wiki]&lt;/c&gt; &amp;rArr; [wiki://SDC Wiki]. &lt;c&gt;[inbox://SiteDocClan]&lt;/c&gt; &amp;rArr; [inbox://SiteDocClan].
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href="#2009-05-18 17:54:17" name="2009-05-18 17:54:17"&gt;[localtime://2009-05-18 17:54:17]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
So, I've been through all the usergroups' "home" nodes, to see what edits should be made wrt adding "/msg &lt;i&gt;group&lt;/i&gt;" links, etc... And I think all that needs to be done in that regard has been done. As it stands, very few actually have a "/msg this group" link directly on the group's page, but instead, a link to the relevant faqlet or other node which talks about how to communicate with the group. The only one which does have a direct [/msg] link is [gods]. 
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href="#2009-05-01 12:56:35" name="2009-05-01 12:56:35"&gt;[localtime://2009-05-01 12:56:35]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Welcome, [bobf]!  Now &lt;i&gt;get to work, dammit! (*sound effect: whip crack*)&lt;/i&gt; 
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[bobf], &lt;a href="#2009-05-01 11:28:20" name="2009-05-01 11:28:20"&gt;[localtime://2009-05-01 11:28:20]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
&lt;i&gt;[bobf] wandered through a maze of twisty little passages in a forgotten corner of the monastery.  Turning a corner, he discovered a door he had not seen before.  He opened it cautiously, revealing a [id://174180|room] known to only a [SiteDocClan|select few] and hidden from the eyes of ordinary monks.  He entered, determined to learn the knowledge held within and protect its secrets...&lt;/i&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[tye&amp;nbsp;], &lt;a href="#2009-04-30 22:35:06" name="2009-04-30 22:35:06"&gt;[localtime://2009-04-30 22:35:06]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
(bleh, "conversation by wiki"...)
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
link:// is just an alias for href:// (I find href less prone to confuse since it just stands in for href=).
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
"bottom" of the sitedoclet rather than below the list of members.  But more important is to document why one would (and perhaps wouldn't) /msg the particular group before providing the link.  Please describe and facilitate (provide links for (using, reading more about)) the better alternatives.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I don't (currently) have any objections to a patch that adds a "to inbox" link to all group pages when visited by a member of that group. (Often it takes me a while to realize that I have objections, unfortunately.)
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href="#2009-04-30 12:12:45" name="2009-04-30 12:12:45"&gt;[localtime://2009-04-30 12:12:45]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
There are two issues here, and it wouldn't hurt to split them out, even though my patch tried to do both at once.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
1. Provide "/msg &lt;i&gt;group&lt;/i&gt;" link on each group page. This can be done in the sitedoclet. That would be somewhat labor intensive, but the upside is that it can be tailored to each group. Those groups who shouldn't be /msg'ed can be skipped entirely. In any event, the sitedoc must stress that "/msg &lt;i&gt;group&lt;/i&gt;" is a channel of last resort.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
2. Provide a link to the group's inbox &amp;mdash; &lt;i&gt;only for those users who are in the group&lt;/i&gt;. This must be done in code. The particular utility of this is minimal, I admit. And [Corion] reports that the code I wrote didn't quite work.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
As for where the "/msg" link should go &amp;mdash; I am completely unconvinced that it's better at the bottom, though I don't feel strongly about it. OTOH, it is vastly easier to implement by putting it at the top: simply insert the necessary stuff in the sitedoclet. In this case, I think ease of implementation wins. :-)
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
If some enterprising SDC'er needs something to do: Go through all of the sitefaqlets and sitedoclets and make sure that any mention of [/msg] as a way to communicate with groups (e.g. [gods], [janitors]) includes language that emphasizes that it is a channel of last resort.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I've added a snapshot of recent relevant cb activity in [id://500336].
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[planetscape], &lt;a href="#2009-04-30 02:09:05" name="2009-04-30 02:09:05"&gt;[localtime://2009-04-30 02:09:05]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Re: 
&lt;ul&gt;
 &lt;li&gt;[id://760998]
 &lt;li&gt;[id://761006]
 &lt;li&gt;[id://761033]
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;As discussed in the CB earlier this evening, [tye] opined that
&lt;blockquote&gt;&lt;i&gt;
I'd actually put the /msg link at the bottom. And the link makes no sense for some groups (and it relatively sucks for all groups so we don't want to encourage it too much)&lt;br&gt;
(link at the bottom because someone should only be /msg'ing the group if there is some reason to, presumably noted in the group's description)&lt;br&gt;
so I'm not convince this is a good idea. certainly, excluding some groups is warranted. Perhaps the link should just be added by sitedocclan instead.&lt;br&gt;
yeah, this should be a sitedocclan enhancement using &lt;c&gt;[href://...]&lt;/c&gt;&lt;br&gt;
&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/blockquote&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;With all due respect to [tye], I believe using &lt;c&gt;[link://...]&lt;/c&gt; is preferable to &lt;c&gt;[href://...]&lt;/c&gt;, so the links should probably take the form: &lt;c&gt;[link://?sendto=gods;node_id=48824|/msg gods]&lt;/c&gt;.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;I am not certain how to get the &lt;c&gt;/msg&lt;/c&gt; to appear below the automagically generated list of usergroup members, however, using only [id://17342] mojo.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;When I inquired about this, [bobf] replied that
&lt;blockquote&gt;&lt;i&gt;
Looks like you might have to create a section for it, which can be extracted via get_sitedoclet, then patch usergroup display page to pull that section (which might be empty for "skipped" orders).
&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/blockquote&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;(Probably the only usergroups that should have the &lt;c&gt;/msg&lt;/c&gt; link are those documented in [id://483087]; the option really doesn't make much sense for [id://475485], for instance.)
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;I am in the wrong headspace right now and too tired to get a handle on this tonight, but figured I should document the discussion for those interested/impacted.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;


&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href="#2009-03-26 07:49:48" name="2009-03-26 07:49:48"&gt;[localtime://2009-03-26 07:49:48]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I think an essential issue here is striking a balance between announcing all the "interesting" changes we make, and keeping the volume of announcements under control so that monks don't get overwhelmed and miss interesting changes. 
For this reason, we exclude from [Tidings] any changes which only affect [Cabal] members. 
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
We also omit very small enhancements (for example, adding links or anchors &amp;mdash; [pmdev://750932], [pmdev://745622] &amp;mdash; or adding "silent chatterbox" quips and such like as &amp;mdash; [pmdev://744732]). I would say this applies to bug fixes as well; for example, I wouldn't announce that we fixed the "logout link" bug which  used to exist on the "PerlMonks" button of the [href:///bare/?node_id=3193|full-page chat upper frame].
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
One very general rule of thumb is that if every single monk who reads of a change goes "so what", then maybe an announcement isn't warranted. :-)&lt;br&gt;
OTOH, if a change is made in response to a request (as broached via a [PMD] post, for example), then an official announcement of the change seems justified, even if it isn't particularly interesting.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Changes which impact off-site automation tools should be considered critical, and should always be announced.
The runner of such a tool doesn't want to find, two days too late, that his bot hasn't been getting PerlMonks info because the feed structure silently changed.
Of course, for such things, some advance notice would be nice, so a [PMD] post about it before effecting the change would be nice. :-)
&lt;!--
A "user-visible" change is one which could be seen by any ordinary monk. The fact that perhaps no monks will see it because it is in some dusty, uninteresting corner of the Monastery is irrelevant.  Non-user-visible changes would include those which could only be seen by [pmdev], say, or which involve some kind of refactoring, or are laying the groundwork for an important change coming later, i.e. "not ready for prime time". 
--&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[planetscape], &lt;a href="#2009-03-24 22:41:31" name="2009-03-24 22:41:31"&gt;[localtime://2009-03-24 22:41:31]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I would vote "yes" since there is already a [link://?node_id=545862#2008-07-30 22:30:00|Tidings] entry dealing with the encoding issue.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[ambrus], &lt;a href="#2009-03-22 05:21:14" name="2009-03-22 05:21:14"&gt;[localtime://2009-03-22 05:21:14]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
At least two monks asked if [id://752250|this announcement] should go to [Tidings].  It's about something that only impacts monks who develop extra clients to perlmonks (not the normal html interface).  I resisted, given how the html comment of Tidings specifically says “Remember, this is about announcing user-visible changes to the user community. Don't, for example, announce bug fixes to bugs that never impacted the general population”.   
&lt;p&gt;
The problem is still there though that there's no good place for such announcements that about the site infrastructure that only affect a few monks but not only the [Cabal].  Where should such announcements go?  Should we change the policy of Tidings, or is this OK as a PMD, or is or should there be some other forum (wiki or sitedoc or something) for this?  
&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;


&lt;dt&gt;[ww], &lt;a href="#2009-02-18 12:21:23" name="2009-02-18 12:21:23"&gt;[localtime://2009-02-18 12:21:23]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
This is a "whack" or "from a wacko":&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;blockquote&gt;&lt;code&gt;
&lt;p&gt;To make posts which display nicely, you need to do only two bits of formatting:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;blockquote&gt;&lt;b&gt;
* wrap &amp;lt;p&amp;gt; ... &amp;lt;/p&amp;gt; around each thought in your narrative.&lt;br&gt;
* wrap your code and data inside &amp;lt;c&amp;gt; ... &amp;lt/c&amp;gt; so they're readable.
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/blockquote&gt;

&lt;p&gt;For more detailed information, see [ELISHEVA]'s [id://744687], [id://174051], and [id://674668].&lt;/p&gt; 
&lt;/code&gt;&lt;/blockquote&gt;

&lt;p&gt; renders as:&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;To make posts which display nicely, you need to do only two bits of formatting:&lt;br&gt;
&lt;b&gt;&lt;blockquote&gt;
    * wrap &amp;lt;p&gt; ... &amp;lt;/p&gt; around each thought in your narrative.&lt;br&gt;
    * wrap your code and data inside &amp;lt;c&gt; ... &amp;lt;/c&gt; so they're readable.&lt;br&gt;
&lt;/blockquote&gt;&lt;/b&gt;
&lt;p&gt;For more detailed information, see ....&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href="#2009-02-18 11:19:10" name="2009-02-18 11:19:10"&gt;[localtime://2009-02-18 11:19:10]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Via /msg, [elisheva] alerted us to her post, [id://744687] (apparently at [planetscape]'s suggestion. [planetscape], why didn't you just bring it here in the first place?)
&lt;br&gt;[ww] then wondered if we could turn those tips "into a 'must read' output from the preview button -- above the OP's input!".&lt;br&gt;
The &lt;i&gt;point&lt;/i&gt; of [elisheva]'s post is, apparently, that (newbie) posters should be presented with the &lt;i&gt;shortest, sweetest&lt;/i&gt; formatting tips possible.&lt;br&gt;
The &lt;i&gt;problem&lt;/i&gt; is that the contents of [elisheva]'s [id://744687|post] cannot be used directly, unaltered, for this purpose.&lt;br&gt;
I'd like to see the &lt;i&gt;exact&lt;/i&gt; text proposed for the purpose. Anybody want to take a whack at that?
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href="#2009-02-14 19:41:52" name="2009-02-14 19:41:52"&gt;[localtime://2009-02-14 19:41:52]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
With regard to the styling: I would just leave the &lt;c&gt;&lt;h3&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;/c&gt;.
If you want to take it a step further, you could add a special class to the h3 tag, so that those who want to style it specially can.
To take it one step &lt;i&gt;further&lt;/i&gt;, you could look around the Monastery for an existing class already doing what you want, and re-use
that.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[ww], &lt;a href="#2009-02-14 18:32:54" name="2009-02-14 18:32:54"&gt;[localtime://2009-02-14 18:32:54]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Posted ... but there's still room for improvement. Please keep offering comments/suggestions/etc.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href="#2009-02-14 17:33:12" name="2009-02-14 17:33:12"&gt;[localtime://2009-02-14 17:33:12]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
[ww]: I would go ahead and move the content of the FAQ from the [id://743806|meditation] into the [id://174051|faqlet], and in its place leave a pointer to the faqlet.
Just the content, though. All the framing stuff, in which you explain that you're asking for feedback, leave in the meditation (obviously).
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[ww], &lt;a href="#2009-02-14 17:14:30" name="2009-02-14 17:14:30"&gt;[localtime://2009-02-14 17:14:30]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
A very senior and well-respected Monk points out that the "fancy formatting" (blue pseudo-questions) creates problems for a reader who has set up personal CSS for light type on a dark background.  I can (and did) defend the existing draft only with the explanation that I happen to believe formatting helps the reader.  That's clearly not true for the Monk who raised the issue (though I suspect the noob who most needs to read this won't have created any CSS for the site.) OTOH, does anyone have a suggestion about an alternative to color? (The pseudo-questions are already &amp;lt;H3&gt; and italic).
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href="#2009-02-14 10:54:26" name="2009-02-14 10:54:26"&gt;[localtime://2009-02-14 10:54:26]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Thanks, [ww]!  But, afaik, our protocol does not stipulate posting RFC's as [Meditations].
If you/we think it's good, it can go straight into the FAQlet.
People can still provide feekback via [/msg].
Of course, [bobf]'s opinion is worthy, so I don't think you did wrong.
But if it were me, I'd keep this activity within the SDC. And I definitely wouldn't have posted [bobf]'s private [/msg] publicly.
Perhaps you could paraphrase [bobf]'s wording in order to specifically target the public.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[ww], &lt;a href="#2009-02-14 06:54:20" name="2009-02-14 06:54:20"&gt;[localtime://2009-02-14 06:54:20]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[id://743806|Meditation] posted, 20090214 06:50 EST&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt; 

&lt;dt&gt;[planetscape], &lt;a href="#2009-02-14 00:18:56" name="2009-02-14 00:18:56"&gt;[localtime://2009-02-14 00:18:56]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[ww]++ has placed a really awesome first (now second) draft for a new version of [id://174051] on [pad://ww]. I made a handful of suggestions, but [ww|he]'s still soliciting feedback.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;[bobf]++ said this via /privmsg:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;blockquote&gt;&lt;i&gt;
Hi. I agree with your (and ww's) thoughts on the SDC wiki (and you can repeat that if you wish). One option to help encourage community involvement and multi-authorship would be to post a meditation asking for tips, advice, etc on how to (and how not to) ask Q's at PM. The resulting content could be assembled into a new node, free of any plagiarism concerns and with full community ownership. It would, in a very real sense, be a community rewrite of the node in question, just as P6 is supposed to be a community rewrite of Perl. 
&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/blockquote&gt;
&lt;p&gt;... and I totally concur.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;


&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href="#2009-02-12 22:23:25" name="2009-02-12 22:23:25"&gt;[localtime://2009-02-12 22:23:25]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Ok, I sincerely thank you for your feedback.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
FYI, I mentioned this "quest" in the cb this afternoon, and [dhoss] indicated that he would be willing to give it a whack.
That's not to say that would shouldn't continue to solicit help on this document.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
[dhoss] also intimated that he might be interested in joining the 'Clan.
He was very explicit about wanting to join the [pmdev|devils].
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[planetscape], &lt;a href="#2009-02-12 21:32:47" name="2009-02-12 21:32:47"&gt;[localtime://2009-02-12 21:32:47]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;
&lt;p&gt;ITA with [ww]; despite seeing some merit to [id://172086|the original], the subsequent [id://737615|nastiness] erases any worth.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;IMHO, after [id://576774|this 'real' incident of plagiarism], [id://442755|we] (and all Perl Monks) certainly don't want to convey the impression that we sanction plagiarism, no matter how well-intentioned [id://172641|it] may have been.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;While I commend [jdporter]'s interim action of commenting out the [id://174051|content in question] and redirecting, I think this should be a temporary fix. I agree wholeheartedly that we need totally new content, preferably authored by one (or more - more might be merrier on the ownership front) of [id://17342|us]. A quest might be nice, but one I'd fear would soon degenerate into another forum for [jeffa] to air his grievances. But with 100% brand-new homespun content, we can erase any and all connection back to [id://172086]. (It's almost a pity it's a [Tutorials|Tutorial], but I'd have to argue on the side of leaving that as-is.)&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Oh, and if I were [jdporter], I'd content myself with writing a good rebuttal ([id://174180|below]), but not post it to prevent it becoming troll fodder.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/dd&gt;


&lt;dt&gt;[ww], &lt;a href="#2009-02-12 19:07:08" name="2009-02-12 19:07:08"&gt;[localtime://2009-02-12 19:07:08]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;

&lt;dd&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Not an objection, but I won't refer anyone to [id://172086| Jeffa's tut] anymore -- despite seeing considerable value in it -- because of the headnote re plagarism. That just seems to me to send the wrong message about the Monastery culture and mores.&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt;Agree heartily on need for "new, original" content for [id://174051|the faqlet].
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href="#2009-02-12 16:57:05" name="2009-02-12 16:57:05"&gt;[localtime://2009-02-12 16:57:05]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Update: I commented out the entire body of [id://174051|the faqlet], and left just a message pointing to [jeffa]'s [id://172086|tutorial].
I'm happy with this. Any objections?
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
So, it occurs to me that what we really need is &lt;b&gt;new, original&lt;/b&gt; content for [id://174051] &amp;mdash; not just for ownership purposes, but because the old content (yes, I'm repeating myself) was pretty crummy.&lt;br&gt;
This could be a &lt;b&gt;Site Documentation Quest&lt;/b&gt;, if we had such a vehicle.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href="#2009-02-12 15:58:24" name="2009-02-12 15:58:24"&gt;[localtime://2009-02-12 15:58:24]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Howdy. In case you've missed it, [jeffa] has popped up again, and his unpleasantness shows no sign of abating.&lt;br&gt;
He recently posted replies to [id://172641] and [id://742024]. Obviously, he could have complained directly to us but instead chose to take his case to the "court of public opinion", as he no doubt sees it, and to make us look bad. How can we minimize the damage he's doing to our reputation? Is the notice I added at the top of [id://174051] sufficient, and we trust that monks will realize he's barking? My current inclination is to wipe the contents [id://174051], just leaving a pointer to [id://172086]. I wouldn't suggest this if I didn't think it's a pretty lousy FAQ anyway. I think that doing so would do minimal harm to the FAQ, and probably would do as much as anything to assuage [jeffa]. It also conveniently undermines his plagiarism blast.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Btw... In response to [id://743446],
I am tempted to post the following. Should I tone it down, do you think? Should I just let it go?
&lt;blockquote&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
I don't want people to get the wrong idea about [SiteDocClan], and I think [jeffa] is working very hard to give people the wrong idea.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
[SiteDocClan] is not in the business of stealing or plagiarizing content, nor in any other way disrespecting the efforts of people who post on PerlMonks.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
It is true that [id://174051] was originally a direct copy of [id://172086], and in the intervening years has been altered in various ways, including
the removal of citation of its source.  I can assure you that the &lt;i&gt;intent&lt;/i&gt; was never anything other than to provide the best service to the Monks.
Clearly it appears that we have violated our ideals.  But again, I assure you and everyone that this was inadvertent.  Guilty, yes; but without malice aforethought, and certainly without "politics".
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
I can also assure you that [SiteDocClan] would have been happy to remedy the situation as soon as it was brought to our attention.
In fact, it only came to our attention when someone mentioned in the cb that [jeffa] had placed his big ugly plagiarism notice at the top of [id://172086].
It leaves us to wonder why [jeffa] never sent [SiteDocClan|us] a /msg first.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
And we have endeavored to right the situation, as there is now a prominent citation of source at the top of [id://174051].
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/blockquote&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href="#2009-02-06 16:57:17" name="2009-02-06 16:57:17"&gt;[localtime://2009-02-06 16:57:17]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Good sleuthing, [planetscape]!
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
The only reason to convert to alphafaqlet is to make it cease to exist, as far as ordinary monks (incl. [jeffa]) are concerned, but without actually losing the content. Merely unlinking it from the FAQ would almost certainly not make [jeffa] happy, but it might help, and, as I said, I don't think it's a great document anyway.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
As for the content &amp;mdash; the real clincher, imho, is that he was given notice &lt;i&gt;at the time&lt;/i&gt;, and didn't object; so I think we can just leave it as is.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;dt&gt;[planetscape], &lt;a href="#2009-02-06 14:44:17" name="2009-02-06 14:44:17"&gt;[localtime://2009-02-06 14:44:17]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Just to further muddy the waters, when I learned of [jeffa]'s [id://737615|complaint], I did review the [id://172086|thread in question], and observed that [boo_radley] [id://172641|gave notice of his intent]:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;blockquote&gt;&lt;i&gt;
Unless I hear objections to it, I'll be adding this to the perl monks faq by 12JUN2002.
&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/blockquote&gt;
&lt;p&gt;(And indeed, as [jdporter] said, "the FAQlet was created on 2002-06-12".)&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Obviously, I cannot speak to whether [jeffa] /privmsg'ed [boo_radley] with his response.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;I also cannot speak for [jeffa] as to sufficiency, but IMHO the acknowledgement goes quite a ways toward mending the fences. OTOH, I do not know whether it is possible or worthwhile to attempt to placate [jeffa|someone] with a history of leaving PM in a huff.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;What happens if [jdporter|you] do convert to an alphafaqlet and unlink it? Would it still be visible to those following name/id links? I am assuming it would, and therefore "referential integrity" is maintained.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;I further assume that unlinking would remove [id://174051|the offending node] from the [id://371340] (in effect, removing it from the [id://3333] [id://14]) (?). I personally think this is a good compromise.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;


&lt;dt&gt;[jdporter], &lt;a href="#2009-02-04 09:56:34" name="2009-02-04 09:56:34"&gt;[localtime://2009-02-04 09:56:34]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Well, [jeffa] is [id://172086|whining] about the fact that [SiteDocClan|we] plagiarized his tutorial, [id://172086], in the creation of our FAQlet, [id://174051].&lt;br&gt;
Therefore, I have added a brief statement of acknowledgement at the top of the latter.&lt;br&gt;
I tried to figure out the history of this FAQlet, but apparently it happened just prior to the inception of good record-keeping in SDC.&lt;br&gt;
[jeffa] posted the tutorial on 2002-06-06, the FAQlet was created on 2002-06-12, and the [id://240052|first SDC wiki] begins on about 2002-06-15.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Now, I'd be happy to "delete" the faqlet (probably just by (a) converting it into an alphafaqlet and (b) unlinking it from the FAQ)... 
(I personally don't find that document particularly effective. Maybe it works for some people.)
&lt;br&gt;But the problem is that it is already being linked in quite a few nodes, both by name and by id.  So assuming we're going to try to placate [jeffa] at all, we'll either have to turn the faqlet into a simple redirect to his tutorial, or add some kind of kiss-ass caveat to the faqlet, as I have sort-of done already.&lt;br&gt;
Thoughts?
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;


&lt;dt&gt;[ambrus], &lt;a href="#2008-12-04 18:11:11" name="2008-12-04 18:11:11"&gt;[localtime://2008-12-04 18:11:11]&lt;/a&gt;&lt;/dt&gt;&lt;dd&gt;&lt;p&gt;
As evidenced by the irc logs of [http://irclog.perlgeek.de/perl6/2008-10-08#i_610167|freenode #perl6 on 2008-10-08], the slides of the 2008 State of the Onion keynote by Larry will not be published.  There's [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JzIWdJVP-wo|a video of a very similar talk] available.  I wonder how this information should be shown in [The St. Larry Wall Shrine sitedoclet] (sitedoc for [The St. Larry Wall Shrine])?  I don't have any good ideas so I'll leave the editing to you all. 
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/dd&gt;&lt;hr/&gt;

&lt;/dl&gt;

Continued in [id://725769].


































































</field>
</data>
</node>
